Update content to account for cluster peering (#16670)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/architecture/index.mdx

## Cross-datacenter requests

Each Consul datacenter maintains its own catalog of services and their health. By default, the information is not replicated across datacenters. Cluster peering and WAN federation are two multi-datacenter deployment models that enable service connectivity across datacenters.

### Cluster peering

> You can create peering connections between two or more independent clusters so that services deployed to different datacenters or admin partitions can communicate. An [admin partition](/consul/docs/enterprise/admin-partitions) is a feature in Consul Enterprise that enables you to define isolated network regions that use the same Consul servers. In the cluster peering model, you create a token in one of the datacenters or partitions and configure another datacenter or partition to present the token to establish the connection. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create peering connections between two or more independent clusters so that services deployed to different datacenters or admin partitions can communicate. An [admin partition](/consul/docs/enterprise/admin-partitions) is a feature in Consul Enterprise that enables you to define isolated tenant domains that use the same Consul servers. In the cluster peering model, you create a peering token in one of the datacenters or partitions and configure another datacenter or partition to use the token to establish a connection to the remote peer. 
```
